# This is a web application (Spring Boot + Thymeleaf) for a gym that is used by both registered and unregistered users. Among registered users, we include gym members and administrators. Bilingual support is provided for the application, allowing it to be used in both Serbian and English languages. This application handles with following entities: 
# Training (name, trainer, brief description, training type, price, training format (individual or group), training level (amateur/intermediate/advanced), training duration, average rating) 
# Training type (e.g., Yoga, Fitness, Cardio... - name, description)
# Membership card (discount, points)
# User (username, password, email address, first name, last name, date of birth, address, phone number, registration date and time, role (gym member or administrator))
# Hall (hall label, capacity)
# Training schedule (hall where the training takes place, training session being held, date of the training session)
# Comment (comment text, rating (from 1 to 5), date when the comment was posted, comment author (registered user), training session to which the comment refers, comment status (pending, approved, not approved), anonymous (users can mark a comment as anonymous, and in that case, the comment author is not disclosed))
# During registration, the role is not specified, and the user is assigned the role of a gym member by default. Administrators are not registered; they are added programmatically (through the database). Training types are also added programmatically through the database. Each training session can have more than one training type, and each training type is associated with one or more training sessions. Shopping cart is modelled as an object to store all selected training sessions for booking. The behavior related to the shopping cart is described later in the specification. When scheduling, the user has the option to book one or more training sessions.
# Trainings: On the default main page of the application, all users have the ability to view all available training sessions. The name of the training session is implemented as a link, where users can click to go to a page for viewing the details of that specific training session. On the main page, users should be able to search for training sessions by name, type, price (with the option to enter a minimum and maximum price), trainers, training format and training level. Users can sort training sessions by each of the aforementioned search criteria (in addition to these parameters, sorting by average rating), in ascending or descending order. The aforementioned page for displaying an individual training session should show all the details about the session, including the times when the session is held and in which hall it takes place. Gym members can add the training session to the booking cart. In addition to this option, on the page of the individual training session, users can add the session to their personal wishlist (a list that users keep to track the training sessions they plan to attend in the future). On the page for viewing an individual training session, administrators can edit the training session details. On the page for an individual training session, posted comments are displayed about the session. Administrators have the functionality to add a new training session. Additionally, it is enabled the addition of a new training session time slot. When adding a time slot, it is necessary to select the training session that will be held, the hall where the session will take place, and enter the date and time of the session.
# Halls: Administrators are be provided with a link on the homepage to access hall management. On the page displaying all halls, administrators have the ability to search by hall label and sort in ascending or descending order based on this label. Administrators can delete each hall. Administrators can add and update halls, with the hall label being a unique identifier that cannot be changed.
# Shopping cart: Users have access to a dedicated page to view the contents of their shopping cart. Users can remove items from the cart. On this page, users can schedule training sessions. By choosing an action, users can schedule the selected training sessions.
# Loyalty card: If a user does not have a loyalty card, they have the right and the option to submit a request for its creation. On the other hand, administrators have access to a list of all loyalty card creation requests and the ability to approve or reject them. When a request is approved, a card is created for the specific user with an initial welcome bonus of 10 points. If an administrator rejects a request, the user can submit it again.
# Comments: regular users (gym members) have the ability to leave comments on training sessions. Users can leave comments on the individual training session page. They can provide comments in free text form and leave a rating (from 1 to 5), with both fields being mandatory (both the rating and the comment). When a user leaves a comment, it will not be publicly visible, meaning other users will not see it until it is approved by an administrator. Administrators have a link on the homepage to manage comments, where all comments awaiting approval are displayed. An administrator can approve or reject a comment. If approved, the comment becomes public and visible on the specific training session page. If rejected, the comment will not be visible, but it does not need to be physically deleted from the database, and it should not be displayed the next time comments awaiting approval are shown.
# User management: Unregistered users can register on the system. On the main page, there is a link to the registration and login page for unregistered users. After registration, the user is redirected to the login page. Logged-in users have links to their profiles and a logout link available on all pages. Administrators have the option to manage users. On this page, all users are displayed in a table format, showing their usernames (as clickable links that take you to the user's profile), registration dates, and user roles. The page allow administrators to search for users by username and role (with a selection from the provided values). Sorting of users by username and role (in ascending or descending order) is also possible. On each user's profile page, all user details except for the password should be displayed and editable. Password changes should be implemented such that if left blank, the password remains the same. Administrators are only allowed to edit the user's role on a user's profile (with a selection from the provided values) and have the ability to block or unblock users (only regular users can be blocked, not administrators). Blocked users are unable to log into the system.
# Reporting: Administrators have access to a dedicated reporting page. It is necessary to display a table of all training sessions. For each training session in the table, the following information is provided: training name (linked to its individual page), trainers, number of booked sessions and total price for those sessions. Sorting of the table is enabled by all columns, both in ascending and descending order.
# 

